Deleting works but when I try to add product and I'll just enter some dummy data here, that fails and
it seems to fail because I would imagine that in save here, we somehow make it into this if block. So
that _id is the problem and that makes sense because I actually do initialize
_id here at the beginning by creating a new mongodb object id.
So even if we pass no ID and this therefore is undefined, this will create an object and store it in
_id,
so _id down there will always be defined
and if it's just such an empty or automatically generated object id object, this should be the issue here.
So how can I overcome this?
Well for example with a ternary expression, we can check if ID exists basically,
so if this returns true in an if statement and if it's the case, then I want to create my object id object
otherwise I'll store null and null will be treated as false down there.
So with this tiny change in place, with this ternary expression added in the product model, we should be
able to add a product real quick with some dummy values
and now it's created.
So now this is working
and it was just the fact that we were always creating such an objectid object which we shouldn't.